doc/panelizeCli.md, before:

# Panelization CLI

The whole panelization process of KiKit's CLI is driven by a configuration
structure. The configuration contains several categories (e.g., `layout`,
`tabs`, `framing`). Each of the categories have number of named parameters
(e.g., `tabsCount`). All categories and their parameters are described further
below.

Note that you can use the [pcbnew action plugin](panelizeGui.md) to
interactively construct the panelization configuration structure.

# Configurations

The configuration can be supplied to KiKit via a JSON file with comments and
from the command line. The example of a configuration in a JSON file is the
following

```.js
{
    // There can be C-like comments
    "layout": {
        "type": "grid",
        "rows": 1,
        "cols": 1,
        "hspace": "0mm",
        "vspace": "0mm",
        "rotation": "0deg",
        "alternation": "none",
        "renamenet": "Board_{n}-{orig}",
        "renameref": "{orig}"
    },
    "source": {
        "type": "auto",
        "tolerance": "1mm"
    },
    "tabs": {
        "type": "normal",
        "source": "none"
    },
    "cuts": {
        "type": "none"
    },
    "framing": {
        "type": "none",
        "thickness": "0mm",
    },
    "post": {
        "type": "auto",
        "millradius": "0mm",
        "copperfill": false
    }
}
```

KiKit accepts `-p <configurationFile>` option to specify one or more
configurations. When multiple configurations are specified, they are composed
into a single configuration. The later specified configurations overwrite
parameters of the former specified configurations. This allows us to start with
a basic configuration and have a number of small configurations specifying
details.

To give and example, consider the two following configurations:

```.js
// A
{
    "tabs": {
        "type": "normal",
        "width": "3mm"
    },
    "framing": {
        "type": "frame",
        "frameWidth": "100mm",
        "frameHeight": "100mm"
    }
}

// B
{
    "framing": {
        "type": "rails"
        "width": "5mm"
    }
}
```

When we merge `B` into `A`, we get:

```.js
{
    "tabs": {
        "type": "normal",
        "width": "3mm"
    },
    "framing": {
        "type": "rails"
        "width": "5mm",
        "frameWidth": "100mm",
        "frameHeight": "100mm"
    }
}
```

You can also override every parameter from CLI. There is an option for each
category, which accepts a semicolon-separated list of key-value pairs; e.g.:

```
--layout 'rows: 3; cols: 4'
```

The options from CLI have the highest priority - they override values from
specified from the files. If you need to specify the character `;`, you can
escape it via `\`.

Therefore, a full invocation of KiKit for panelization can look like this:
```
kikit panelize -p myDefault.json -p useVcuts.json -p myFrame.json
    --layout 'rows: 3; cols: 4'
    board.kicad_pcb panel.kicad_pcb.
```

Note the single quotes -- without them your shell will eat the spaces and the
command will be interpreted badly. The command will use our default
configuration, then it will override some options to use V-cuts and then it adds
a frame specified by `myFrame.json`. Last we specify the panel size from CLI.

Note that KiKit always start with a default configuration (specified in the file
[default.json](../../kikit/resources/panelizePresets/default.json)). There are
also some configuration files shipped with KiKit. You can find them in the
directory `kikit/resources/panelizePresets`. When you want to use them via
option `-p`, just prefix their name with `:` and drop the suffix. E.g., for
`vcuts.json` use `-p :vcuts`.

If you would like to inspect which configuration was used by KiKit, you can dump
it into a file with the `-d <filename>` option.

# Units

You can specify units in the configuration files and CLI. Always specify them as
string, e.g., "2mm" or "0.5 inch" (do not forget the quotes in the JSON files).

Supported length units: mm, cm, dm, m, mil, inch, in.

Supported angle units: deg, °, rad.

# Configuration categories

There are the following categories: layout, source, tabs, cuts, framing, and
tooling.

Each category has a mandatory parameter `type` which dictates the style of that
feature. Note that you can specify the type parameter in a simplified manner in
the CLI by specifying it first and omitting the `type` word; e.g., `--cuts
'mousebites, someParameter: 10cm'`.

## Layout

**Types**: grid

**Common options**:

- `rows`, `cols`: Specify the number of boards in the grid pattern
- `hspace`, `vspace`, `space`: Specify the gap between the boards. You can
  specify separately vertical and horizontal spacing or you can specify `space`
  to make them the same (it has higher priority).
- `rotation`: Rotate the boards before placing them in the panel
- `alternation`: Specify alternations of board rotation.
    - `none`: Do not alternate
    - `rows`: Rotate boards by 180° on every next row
    - `cols`: Rotate boards by 180° on every next column
    - `rowsCols`: Rotate boards by 180° based on a chessboard pattern
- `renamenet`, `renameref`: A pattern by which to rename the nets and
  references. You can use `{n}` and `{orig}` to get the board number and
  original name. Default values are `Board_{n}-{orig}` for nets and `{orig}` for
  references.
- `vbackbone`, `hbackbone`: The width of vertical and horizontal backbone (0
  means no backbone). The backbone does not increase the spacing of the boards.
- `vbonecut`, `hbonecut`: true/false. If there are both backbones specified,
  specifies if there should be a vertical or horizontal cut (or both) where the
  backbones cross.

#### Grid

The boars are placed in a grid pattern connected by tabs. There are no special
options.

## Source

This option allows you to specify the source area, e.g., when multiple boards
are present. You can read more about multi-board project [here](multiboard.md).

**Types**: auto, rectangle, annotation

**Common options**:

- `stack`: specify the number of layers of the panel. Valid options are
  `2layer`, `4layer`, `6layer` or `inehrit` (default). The use case for this
  option is when you design a multiple boards in a single desing and you
  separate them, however, one boards is e.g., 4 layer and one 2 layer. Then you
  design both of them as 4 layer and you specify `stack: 2layer` for the 2 layer
  one when panelizing or separating.

#### Auto

Find all board edges and use them to construct source rectangle. Suitable for
most cases when there is only a single board in the design. Note that might want
to increase `tolerance` or specify the source area explicitly via `rectangle` if
you have components sticking out of your design.

- `tolerance`: KiKit extracts only board items that fit fully into the source
  area (including all drawings on all layers). Tolerance enlarges the source
  area by given amount, to e.g., not omit KiKit annotations for tabs or
  connectors sticking out of the board.

#### Rectangle

Specify the source rectangle explicitly.

- `tlx, tly, brx, bry`: specify the coordinates (via length units) of the
  rectangle via top-left and bottom-right corner.

#### Annotation

KiKit offers you to place an annotation footprint `kikit:Board` into your design
file to name the board. The area is determined by a bounding box of the lines in
the `Edge.Cuts` layer that the arrows point to. Note that the tip of the arrow
must lie inside the

- `ref`: specify the annotation symbol reference
- `tolerance`: see above

## Tabs

**Types**: fixed, spacing, full, annotation

Place tabs. To make some of the options clear, please see the [explanation of
tab placement process](understandingTabs.md).

#### Fixed

Place given number of tabs on the PCB edge. The tabs are spaced uniformly. If
you need a custom tab placement (e.g., to avoid critical feature), see type
*annotation*.

- `vwidth`, `hwidth`, `width`: The width of tabs in the vertical and horizontal
  direction. `width` overrides both.
- `vcount`, `hcount`: Number of tabs in a given direction.
- `mindistance`: Minimal spacing between the tabs. If there are too many tabs,
  their count is reduced.

#### Spacing

Place tabs on the PCB edges based on spacing.

- `vwidth`, `hwidth`, `width`: The width of tabs in the vertical and horizontal
  direction. `width` overrides both.
- `spacing`: The maximum spacing of the tabs.

#### Full

Create tabs that are full width of the PCB. Suitable for PCBs separated by
V-Cuts. This mode does not make much sense for mousebites in practice. Note that
in this mode the cuts do not faithfully copy the PCB outline and, instead, they
cut the bounding box of the PCB. There are no other options.

#### Corner

Create tabs in the corners of the PCB.

- `width`: The width of tabs

#### Annotation

Add tabs based on PCB annotations. Place a footprint `kikit:Tab` at the edges of
your PCB. You can edit the text field prefixed with `KIKIT: ` to adjust the tab
parameters. There are no extra parameters. However, the individual tabs can have
the following properties specified in the text field of the component:

- `width`: width of the tab.

## Cuts

Specify how to perform the cuts on the tabs separating the board.

**Types**: none, mousebites, vcuts

#### None

Do not perform any cuts

#### Mousebites

Use mousebites to

- `drill` - specify drill size for the bites
- `spacing` - specify the spacing of the holes
- `offset` - specify the offset, positive offset puts the cuts into the board,
  negative puts the cuts into the tabs
- `prolong` - distance for tangential prolongation of the cuts (to cut through
  the internal corner fillets caused by milling)

#### V-Cuts

- `clearance` - specify clearance for copper in V-cuts
- `cutcurves` - true/false - specify if curves should be approximated by
  straight cuts (e.g., for cutting tabs on circular boards)
- `layer` - specify the layer to render V-cuts on.


## Framing

KiKit allows you to frame the panel with a full frame, or bottom/top or
left/right rails.

**Types**: none, railstb, railslr, frame, tightframe
**Common options**:

- `hspace`, `vspace`, `space` - specify the space between PCB and the
  frame/rail. `space` overrides `hspace and vspace`.
- `width` - specify with of the rails or frame
- `fillet`, `chamfer` - fillet/chamfer frame corners. Specify radius or chamfer
  size.

#### Railstb/Railslr

Add rail (either on top and bottom or on left and right) to the panel.

#### Frame

Add a frame around the board.

- `cuts` - one of `none`, `both`, `v`, `h` - specify whether to add cuts to the
  corners of the frame for easy removal. Default `both`.

#### Tighframe

Add a frame around the board which fills the whole area of the panel - the
boards have just a milled slot around their perimeter.

- `slotwidth` - width of the milled slot.

## Tooling

Add tooling holes to the (rail/frame of) the panel. The holes are positioned
by

**Types**: none, 3hole, 4hole

**Common options**:

- `hoffset`, `voffset` - specify the offset from from panel edges
- `size` - diameter of the holes
- `paste` - if true, the holes are included in the paste layer (therefore they
  appear on the stencil).

## Fiducials

Add fiducial to the (rail/frame of) the panel.

**Types**: none, 3fid, 4fid

**Common options**:

- `hoffset`, `voffset` - specify the offset from from panel edges
- `coppersize`, `opening` - diameter of the copper spot and solder mask opening

## Text

Add text to the panel. Allows you to put a single block of text on panel. If you
need more text or more sophisticated placing options, see `script` option from
`postprocess`.

**Types**: none, simple

**Common options**:

- `text` - The text to be displayed. Note that you can escape `;` via `\`
- `anchor` - Origin of the text. Can be one of `tl`, `tr`, `bl`, `br` (corners),
  `mt`, `mb`, `ml`, `mr` (middle of sides), `c` (center). The anchors refer to
  the panel outline. Default `mt`
- `hoffset`, `voffset` - specify the offset from anchor. Respects KiCAD
  coordinate system. Default `0mm`.
- `orientation` - specify the orientation (angle). Default `0deg`
- `width`, `height` - width and height of the characters (the same parameters as
  KiCAD uses). Default `1.5mm`.
- `hjustify` - justification of the text. One of `left`, `right`, `center`.
  Default `center`.
- `vjustify` - justification of the text. One of `top`, `bottom`, `center`.
  Default `center`
- `thickness` - stroke thickness. Default `0.3mm`.
- `layer` - specify text layer

## Page

Sets page size on the resulting panel and position the panel in the page. The
type of style dictates paper size. The default `inherit` option inherits paper
size from the source board.

**Types**: `inherit`, `custom`, `A0`, `A1`, `A2`, `A3`, `A4`, `A5`, `A`, `B`,
`C`, `D`, `E`, `USLetter`, `USLegal`, `USLedger`, `A0-portrait`, `A1-portrait`,
`A2-portrait`, `A3-portrait`, `A4-portrait`, `A5-portrait`, `A-portrait`,
`B-portrait`, `C-portrait`, `D-portrait`, `E-portrait`, `USLetter-portrait`,
`USLegal-portrait`, `USLedger-portrait`

**Common options**:

- `anchor` - Point of the panel to be placed at given position. Can be one of
  `tl`, `tr`, `bl`, `br` (corners), `mt`, `mb`, `ml`, `mr` (middle of sides),
  `c` (center). The anchors refer to the panel outline. Default `tl`
- `posx`, `posy` - the position of the panel on the page. Default `15mm`

### Custom

Instead of the pre-defined paper size you can also specify a custom paper size
via `width` and `height`.


## Post

Finishing touches to the panel.

**Types**: auto

**Common options**:

- `copperfill` - fill tabs and frame with copper (e.g., to save etchant or to
  increase rigidity of flex-PCB panels)
- `millradius` - simulate the milling operation (add fillets to the internal
  corners). Specify mill radius (usually 1 mm). 0 radius disables the
  functionality.
- `script` - a path to custom Python file. The file should contain a function
  `kikitPostprocess(panel, args)` that receives the prepared panel as the
  `kikit.panelize.Panel` object and the user-supplied arguments as a string -
  see `scriptarg`. The function can make arbitrary changes to the panel - you
  can append text, footprints, alter labels, etc. The function is invoked after
  the whole panel is constructed (including all other postprocessing). **If you
  try to add a functionality for a common fabrication houses via scripting,
  consider submitting PR for KiKit**.
- `scriptarg`: An arbitrary string passed to the user post-processing script
  specified in `script`
- `origin` - specify if the auxilary origin an grid origin should be placed. Can
  be one of `tl`, `tr`, `bl`, `br` (corners), `mt`, `mb`, `ml`, `mr` (middle of
  sides), `c` (center). Empty string does not changes the origin.

Commit message:

Add option to reconstruct arcs

doc/panelizeCli.md, after:

# Panelization CLI

The whole panelization process of KiKit's CLI is driven by a configuration
structure. The configuration contains several categories (e.g., `layout`,
`tabs`, `framing`). Each of the categories have number of named parameters
(e.g., `tabsCount`). All categories and their parameters are described further
below.

Note that you can use the [pcbnew action plugin](panelizeGui.md) to
interactively construct the panelization configuration structure.

# Configurations

The configuration can be supplied to KiKit via a JSON file with comments and
from the command line. The example of a configuration in a JSON file is the
following

```.js
{
    // There can be C-like comments
    "layout": {
        "type": "grid",
        "rows": 1,
        "cols": 1,
        "hspace": "0mm",
        "vspace": "0mm",
        "rotation": "0deg",
        "alternation": "none",
        "renamenet": "Board_{n}-{orig}",
        "renameref": "{orig}"
    },
    "source": {
        "type": "auto",
        "tolerance": "1mm"
    },
    "tabs": {
        "type": "normal",
        "source": "none"
    },
    "cuts": {
        "type": "none"
    },
    "framing": {
        "type": "none",
        "thickness": "0mm",
    },
    "post": {
        "type": "auto",
        "millradius": "0mm",
        "copperfill": false
    }
}
```

KiKit accepts `-p <configurationFile>` option to specify one or more
configurations. When multiple configurations are specified, they are composed
into a single configuration. The later specified configurations overwrite
parameters of the former specified configurations. This allows us to start with
a basic configuration and have a number of small configurations specifying
details.

To give and example, consider the two following configurations:

```.js
// A
{
    "tabs": {
        "type": "normal",
        "width": "3mm"
    },
    "framing": {
        "type": "frame",
        "frameWidth": "100mm",
        "frameHeight": "100mm"
    }
}

// B
{
    "framing": {
        "type": "rails"
        "width": "5mm"
    }
}
```

When we merge `B` into `A`, we get:

```.js
{
    "tabs": {
        "type": "normal",
        "width": "3mm"
    },
    "framing": {
        "type": "rails"
        "width": "5mm",
        "frameWidth": "100mm",
        "frameHeight": "100mm"
    }
}
```

You can also override every parameter from CLI. There is an option for each
category, which accepts a semicolon-separated list of key-value pairs; e.g.:

```
--layout 'rows: 3; cols: 4'
```

The options from CLI have the highest priority - they override values from
specified from the files. If you need to specify the character `;`, you can
escape it via `\`.

Therefore, a full invocation of KiKit for panelization can look like this:
```
kikit panelize -p myDefault.json -p useVcuts.json -p myFrame.json
    --layout 'rows: 3; cols: 4'
    board.kicad_pcb panel.kicad_pcb.
```

Note the single quotes -- without them your shell will eat the spaces and the
command will be interpreted badly. The command will use our default
configuration, then it will override some options to use V-cuts and then it adds
a frame specified by `myFrame.json`. Last we specify the panel size from CLI.

Note that KiKit always start with a default configuration (specified in the file
[default.json](../../kikit/resources/panelizePresets/default.json)). There are
also some configuration files shipped with KiKit. You can find them in the
directory `kikit/resources/panelizePresets`. When you want to use them via
option `-p`, just prefix their name with `:` and drop the suffix. E.g., for
`vcuts.json` use `-p :vcuts`.

If you would like to inspect which configuration was used by KiKit, you can dump
it into a file with the `-d <filename>` option.

# Units

You can specify units in the configuration files and CLI. Always specify them as
string, e.g., "2mm" or "0.5 inch" (do not forget the quotes in the JSON files).

Supported length units: mm, cm, dm, m, mil, inch, in.

Supported angle units: deg, °, rad.

# Configuration categories

There are the following categories: layout, source, tabs, cuts, framing, and
tooling.

Each category has a mandatory parameter `type` which dictates the style of that
feature. Note that you can specify the type parameter in a simplified manner in
the CLI by specifying it first and omitting the `type` word; e.g., `--cuts
'mousebites, someParameter: 10cm'`.

## Layout

**Types**: grid

**Common options**:

- `rows`, `cols`: Specify the number of boards in the grid pattern
- `hspace`, `vspace`, `space`: Specify the gap between the boards. You can
  specify separately vertical and horizontal spacing or you can specify `space`
  to make them the same (it has higher priority).
- `rotation`: Rotate the boards before placing them in the panel
- `alternation`: Specify alternations of board rotation.
    - `none`: Do not alternate
    - `rows`: Rotate boards by 180° on every next row
    - `cols`: Rotate boards by 180° on every next column
    - `rowsCols`: Rotate boards by 180° based on a chessboard pattern
- `renamenet`, `renameref`: A pattern by which to rename the nets and
  references. You can use `{n}` and `{orig}` to get the board number and
  original name. Default values are `Board_{n}-{orig}` for nets and `{orig}` for
  references.
- `vbackbone`, `hbackbone`: The width of vertical and horizontal backbone (0
  means no backbone). The backbone does not increase the spacing of the boards.
- `vbonecut`, `hbonecut`: true/false. If there are both backbones specified,
  specifies if there should be a vertical or horizontal cut (or both) where the
  backbones cross.

#### Grid

The boars are placed in a grid pattern connected by tabs. There are no special
options.

## Source

This option allows you to specify the source area, e.g., when multiple boards
are present. You can read more about multi-board project [here](multiboard.md).

**Types**: auto, rectangle, annotation

**Common options**:

- `stack`: specify the number of layers of the panel. Valid options are
  `2layer`, `4layer`, `6layer` or `inehrit` (default). The use case for this
  option is when you design a multiple boards in a single desing and you
  separate them, however, one boards is e.g., 4 layer and one 2 layer. Then you
  design both of them as 4 layer and you specify `stack: 2layer` for the 2 layer
  one when panelizing or separating.

#### Auto

Find all board edges and use them to construct source rectangle. Suitable for
most cases when there is only a single board in the design. Note that might want
to increase `tolerance` or specify the source area explicitly via `rectangle` if
you have components sticking out of your design.

- `tolerance`: KiKit extracts only board items that fit fully into the source
  area (including all drawings on all layers). Tolerance enlarges the source
  area by given amount, to e.g., not omit KiKit annotations for tabs or
  connectors sticking out of the board.

#### Rectangle

Specify the source rectangle explicitly.

- `tlx, tly, brx, bry`: specify the coordinates (via length units) of the
  rectangle via top-left and bottom-right corner.

#### Annotation

KiKit offers you to place an annotation footprint `kikit:Board` into your design
file to name the board. The area is determined by a bounding box of the lines in
the `Edge.Cuts` layer that the arrows point to. Note that the tip of the arrow
must lie inside the

- `ref`: specify the annotation symbol reference
- `tolerance`: see above

## Tabs

**Types**: fixed, spacing, full, annotation

Place tabs. To make some of the options clear, please see the [explanation of
tab placement process](understandingTabs.md).

#### Fixed

Place given number of tabs on the PCB edge. The tabs are spaced uniformly. If
you need a custom tab placement (e.g., to avoid critical feature), see type
*annotation*.

- `vwidth`, `hwidth`, `width`: The width of tabs in the vertical and horizontal
  direction. `width` overrides both.
- `vcount`, `hcount`: Number of tabs in a given direction.
- `mindistance`: Minimal spacing between the tabs. If there are too many tabs,
  their count is reduced.

#### Spacing

Place tabs on the PCB edges based on spacing.

- `vwidth`, `hwidth`, `width`: The width of tabs in the vertical and horizontal
  direction. `width` overrides both.
- `spacing`: The maximum spacing of the tabs.

#### Full

Create tabs that are full width of the PCB. Suitable for PCBs separated by
V-Cuts. This mode does not make much sense for mousebites in practice. Note that
in this mode the cuts do not faithfully copy the PCB outline and, instead, they
cut the bounding box of the PCB. There are no other options.

#### Corner

Create tabs in the corners of the PCB.

- `width`: The width of tabs

#### Annotation

Add tabs based on PCB annotations. Place a footprint `kikit:Tab` at the edges of
your PCB. You can edit the text field prefixed with `KIKIT: ` to adjust the tab
parameters. There are no extra parameters. However, the individual tabs can have
the following properties specified in the text field of the component:

- `width`: width of the tab.

## Cuts

Specify how to perform the cuts on the tabs separating the board.

**Types**: none, mousebites, vcuts

#### None

Do not perform any cuts

#### Mousebites

Use mousebites to

- `drill` - specify drill size for the bites
- `spacing` - specify the spacing of the holes
- `offset` - specify the offset, positive offset puts the cuts into the board,
  negative puts the cuts into the tabs
- `prolong` - distance for tangential prolongation of the cuts (to cut through
  the internal corner fillets caused by milling)

#### V-Cuts

- `clearance` - specify clearance for copper in V-cuts
- `cutcurves` - true/false - specify if curves should be approximated by
  straight cuts (e.g., for cutting tabs on circular boards)
- `layer` - specify the layer to render V-cuts on.


## Framing

KiKit allows you to frame the panel with a full frame, or bottom/top or
left/right rails.

**Types**: none, railstb, railslr, frame, tightframe
**Common options**:

- `hspace`, `vspace`, `space` - specify the space between PCB and the
  frame/rail. `space` overrides `hspace and vspace`.
- `width` - specify with of the rails or frame
- `fillet`, `chamfer` - fillet/chamfer frame corners. Specify radius or chamfer
  size.

#### Railstb/Railslr

Add rail (either on top and bottom or on left and right) to the panel.

#### Frame

Add a frame around the board.

- `cuts` - one of `none`, `both`, `v`, `h` - specify whether to add cuts to the
  corners of the frame for easy removal. Default `both`.

#### Tighframe

Add a frame around the board which fills the whole area of the panel - the
boards have just a milled slot around their perimeter.

- `slotwidth` - width of the milled slot.

## Tooling

Add tooling holes to the (rail/frame of) the panel. The holes are positioned
by

**Types**: none, 3hole, 4hole

**Common options**:

- `hoffset`, `voffset` - specify the offset from from panel edges
- `size` - diameter of the holes
- `paste` - if true, the holes are included in the paste layer (therefore they
  appear on the stencil).

## Fiducials

Add fiducial to the (rail/frame of) the panel.

**Types**: none, 3fid, 4fid

**Common options**:

- `hoffset`, `voffset` - specify the offset from from panel edges
- `coppersize`, `opening` - diameter of the copper spot and solder mask opening

## Text

Add text to the panel. Allows you to put a single block of text on panel. If you
need more text or more sophisticated placing options, see `script` option from
`postprocess`.

**Types**: none, simple

**Common options**:

- `text` - The text to be displayed. Note that you can escape `;` via `\`
- `anchor` - Origin of the text. Can be one of `tl`, `tr`, `bl`, `br` (corners),
  `mt`, `mb`, `ml`, `mr` (middle of sides), `c` (center). The anchors refer to
  the panel outline. Default `mt`
- `hoffset`, `voffset` - specify the offset from anchor. Respects KiCAD
  coordinate system. Default `0mm`.
- `orientation` - specify the orientation (angle). Default `0deg`
- `width`, `height` - width and height of the characters (the same parameters as
  KiCAD uses). Default `1.5mm`.
- `hjustify` - justification of the text. One of `left`, `right`, `center`.
  Default `center`.
- `vjustify` - justification of the text. One of `top`, `bottom`, `center`.
  Default `center`
- `thickness` - stroke thickness. Default `0.3mm`.
- `layer` - specify text layer

## Page

Sets page size on the resulting panel and position the panel in the page. The
type of style dictates paper size. The default `inherit` option inherits paper
size from the source board.

**Types**: `inherit`, `custom`, `A0`, `A1`, `A2`, `A3`, `A4`, `A5`, `A`, `B`,
`C`, `D`, `E`, `USLetter`, `USLegal`, `USLedger`, `A0-portrait`, `A1-portrait`,
`A2-portrait`, `A3-portrait`, `A4-portrait`, `A5-portrait`, `A-portrait`,
`B-portrait`, `C-portrait`, `D-portrait`, `E-portrait`, `USLetter-portrait`,
`USLegal-portrait`, `USLedger-portrait`

**Common options**:

- `anchor` - Point of the panel to be placed at given position. Can be one of
  `tl`, `tr`, `bl`, `br` (corners), `mt`, `mb`, `ml`, `mr` (middle of sides),
  `c` (center). The anchors refer to the panel outline. Default `tl`
- `posx`, `posy` - the position of the panel on the page. Default `15mm`

### Custom

Instead of the pre-defined paper size you can also specify a custom paper size
via `width` and `height`.


## Post

Finishing touches to the panel.

**Types**: auto

**Common options**:

- `copperfill` - fill tabs and frame with copper (e.g., to save etchant or to
  increase rigidity of flex-PCB panels)
- `millradius` - simulate the milling operation (add fillets to the internal
  corners). Specify mill radius (usually 1 mm). 0 radius disables the
  functionality.
- `reconstructarcs` - the panelization process works on top of a polygonal
  representation of the board. This options allows to reconstruct the arcs in
  the design before saving the panel.
- `script` - a path to custom Python file. The file should contain a function
  `kikitPostprocess(panel, args)` that receives the prepared panel as the
  `kikit.panelize.Panel` object and the user-supplied arguments as a string -
  see `scriptarg`. The function can make arbitrary changes to the panel - you
  can append text, footprints, alter labels, etc. The function is invoked after
  the whole panel is constructed (including all other postprocessing). **If you
  try to add a functionality for a common fabrication houses via scripting,
  consider submitting PR for KiKit**.
- `scriptarg`: An arbitrary string passed to the user post-processing script
  specified in `script`
- `origin` - specify if the auxilary origin an grid origin should be placed. Can
  be one of `tl`, `tr`, `bl`, `br` (corners), `mt`, `mb`, `ml`, `mr` (middle of
  sides), `c` (center). Empty string does not changes the origin.
